NEXT-12778 [NEW] Using base components (#145)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/administration/using-base-components.md

# Using base components

> 

Reviewer: You're starting very abrupt.
Please write an intro, like: The Shopware 6 Administration comes with a bunch of tailored Vue-components... or sth. like this

> The Shopware 6 Administration registers all components into the component registry wich makes them available in the entire Administration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Shopware 6 Administration registers all components into the component registry wich makes them available in the entire Administration.
```

## Prerequisites

All you need for this guide is a running Shopware 6 instance, the files and preferably a registered module. Of course you'll have to understand JavaScript and have a basic familiarity with [Vue](https://vuejs.org/), the framework, used in the Administration. However, that's a prerequisite for Shopware as a whole and will not be taught as part of this documentation.

## Finding the base component needed

All Shopware 6 Administration components can be seen in the [Component Library](https://component-library.shopware.com/). 
There you can see what each of the components does and looks like, it also shows you what props the can work with and wich slots they have.

## Using the base

> As mentioned before in the introduction all components used in the Shopware 6 Administration are registered in the `component registry`, which makes them accessible everywhere.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As mentioned before in the introduction, all components used in the Shopware 6 Administration are registered in the `component registry`, which makes them accessible everywhere.
```

> As mentioned before in the introduction, all components used in the Shopware 6 Administration are registered in the `component registry`, which makes them accessible everywhere.

Reviewer: You are directly contradicting to your sentence before, where you state, that the components are available anywhere in the Administration.

```suggestion
As mentioned before in the introduction, all components used in the Shopware 6 Administration are registered in the `component registry`, which makes them accessible in the Administration.
```

> Learn what the `component registry` is and how you can register your own components to it [here](./add-custom-component.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn about the `component registry` how you can register your own components to it [in the corresponding guide](./add-custom-component.md)
```

> Learn about the `component registry` how you can register your own components to it [in the corresponding guide](./add-custom-component.md)

Reviewer: I'd put this way up and write it like this:

This guide shows you how to use Shopware's own pre-built components. If you want to learn, how to create your custom components or the component registry in general, s. Link to page.

Author: i've rewritten the introducton. i hope you are happy with it

Reviewer: Perfect :+1:

> In this example we will use the `sw-text-field` in our template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using base components in your own is rather simple. In the example below we will use the `sw-text-field` in our template:
```

{% code title="<plugin-root>/src/Resources/app/administration/app/src/component/example-component/example.html.twig" %}
```html
<div>

>     <sw-text-field />

Reviewer 2: This example and the whole paragraph feels rather short and abrupt. I already tries to improve that thorough using more text. Could you use an example closer to the real world?

Author: Well then it would proably overlap to much with the [writing templates](https://github.com/shopware/docs/blob/master/guides/plugins/plugins/administration/writing-templates.md) article, wich itself already overlaps with the [add-custom-component](https://github.com/shopware/docs/blob/master/guides/plugins/plugins/administration/add-custom-component.md) article

Reviewer 2: I know, that's tough 🙈  Maybe using a bigger example then? With some probs handled into `sw-text-field` or something? 🙈

</div>
```
{% endcode %}

> Learn how to write templates and how to include them in your components [here](./writing-templates.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
That's basically it. To continue building beautiful custom components, learn how to write templates and how to include them in your components [here](./writing-templates.md).
```

## Next steps

Now that you know that all components are accessible through the component registry, you might want to learn more about the following things:

> * [How wirte templates](./writing-templates.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [How to create custom templates](./writing-templates.md)
```

# Using base components

> The Shopware 6 Administration comes with a bunch of tailored Vue-components, already accessible in all of your templates trough to `component registry`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Shopware 6 Administration comes with a bunch of tailored Vue-components, already accessible in all of your templates via the `component registry`.
```

> This guide will show you how you can use Shopware made Components in your templates, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will show you how you can use Shopware-made components in your templates, 
```

if you want to learn more about the `component registry` and how you can register your own components to it have a look at the [corresponding guide](./add-custom-component.md)

## Prerequisites

All you need for this guide is a running Shopware 6 instance, the files and preferably a registered module. Of course you'll have to understand JavaScript and have a basic familiarity with [Vue](https://vuejs.org/), the framework, used in the Administration. However, that's a prerequisite for Shopware as a whole and will not be taught as part of this documentation.

## Finding the base component needed

All Shopware 6 Administration components can be seen in the [Component Library](https://component-library.shopware.com/). 

> There you can see what each of the components does and looks like, it also shows you what props the can work with and wich slots they have.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There you can see what each of the components does and looks like, it also shows you what props they can work with and which slots they have.
```

## Using the base

As mentioned before in the introduction, all components used in the Shopware 6 Administration are registered in the `component registry`, which makes them accessible in the Administration.

Using base components in your own administration templates is rather simple. In the example below we will use the `sw-text-field` in our template, which simply renders a `text` input tag, but also supports some fancy functionality, like inheritance, etc:

{% code title="<plugin-root>/src/Resources/app/administration/app/src/component/example-component/example.html.twig" %}
```html
<div>
    <sw-text-field />
</div>
```
{% endcode %}

That's basically it. To continue building beautiful custom components, learn how to write templates and how to include them in your components [here](./writing-templates.md).

## Next steps

> Now that you know that all components are accessible through the component registry, you might want to learn more about the following things:

Reviewer 3: What really confuses me here:
You're talking a lot about the component registry and "things being accessible through the component registry", yet all that's done is "simply using" the component in the templates. This way it feels like there's missing something, some kind of "Component.Registry.getElement". I know this is not a thing, but the guide kinda makes me feel like such a thing is missing.

TL;DR: Maybe at least link the "component registry", if it's a class or something?

Author: The `Component.Registry.getElement `thing is approximately what internally happens, when a component is used in a template. i'll write a sentence about it

Author: i hope its clearer now

# Using base components

> The Shopware 6 Administration comes with a bunch of tailored Vue-components, already accessible in all of your templates via the `component registry`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Shopware 6 Administration comes with a bunch of tailored Vue components, already accessible in all of your templates via the `component registry`.
```

This guide will show you how you can use Shopware-made components in your templates, 
if you want to learn more about the `component registry` and how you can register your own components to it have a look at the [corresponding guide](./add-custom-component.md)

## Prerequisites

> All you need for this guide is a running Shopware 6 instance, the files and preferably a registered module. Of course you'll have to understand JavaScript and have a basic familiarity with [Vue](https://vuejs.org/), the framework, used in the Administration. However, that's a prerequisite for Shopware as a whole and will not be taught as part of this documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All you need for this guide is a running Shopware 6 instance, the files and preferably a registered module. Of course you'll have to understand JavaScript and have a basic familiarity with [Vue](https://vuejs.org/), the framework used in the Administration. However, that's a prerequisite for Shopware as a whole and will not be taught as part of this documentation.
```

## Finding the base component needed

> All Shopware 6 Administration components can be seen in the [Component Library](https://component-library.shopware.com/). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All Shopware 6 Administration components can be found in the [Component Library](https://component-library.shopware.com/). 
```

There you can see what each of the components does and looks like, it also shows you what props they can work with and which slots they have.

> ## Using the base

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Using the base component
```

As mentioned before in the introduction, all components used in the Shopware 6 Administration are first registered to the `component registry`.

> Wich `component registry` is just a map of all components, wich then get registered to Vue during the `Administrations boot process`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This `component registry` is just a map of all components, which then get registered to Vue during the `Administrations boot process`.
```
